"project" value added to registry configs (#189)
triggermesh/tm: README.md

### Custom registry name

While using a username as a registry identifier (docker.io/username) is a common practice, in some cases we must be able to use different values for an authentication and in destination URL (for example, [gcr.io](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/advanced-authentication#linux-macos)). Triggermesh CLI `set registry-auth` command provides such ability by exposing an optional `--project` argument which will be used as a part of the image URL instead of the username:

```
TOKEN=$(gcloud auth print-access-token)
tm set registry-auth gcr --registry eu.gcr.io --username oauth2accesstoken --project foo --password $TOKEN
tm generate python
tm deploy -f python --registry-secret gcr --wait
```

> As a result, Knative service image will be pushed to `eu.gcr.io/foo/` registry

Reviewer: Just to match the example above.
```suggestion
As a result, Knative service image will be pushed to `eu.gcr.io/my-org/my-project` registry
```
